Merge `development` into `main` (#219)
safe-global/safe-docs: safe-core-sdk/onramp-kit/monerium.md

## Install dependencies

```bash
yarn add @safe-global/onramp-kit @safe-global/protocol-kit @monerium/sdk
```

## Login with Monerium

Creating a _Login with Monerium_ integration for the Safe requires a multi-step process that should be implemented in your web app. The following steps are required.

1. Load the application and initialize the `MoneriumPack` using the following snippet:

```typescript
import { MoneriumPack } from '@safe-global/onramp-kit'

const moneriumPack = new MoneriumPack({
  clientId: { YOUR_CLIENT_ID }, // Get your client id from Monerium
  environment: 'sandbox' // Use the proper Monerium environment ('sandbox' | 'production')})
})

await moneriumPack.init({ safeSdk })
```

The `safeSdk` is an instance of the [`Safe`](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-core-sdk/blob/main/packages/protocol-kit/src/Safe.ts) class. For more information on how to instantiate the `protocol-kit` refer to the [Protocol Kit Quickstart section](https://docs.safe.global/safe-core-sdk/protocol-kit).

> The `MoneriumPack` will use the Safe address configured in the `safeSdk` to link to your Monerium account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MoneriumPack` will use the Safe Account address configured in the `safeSdk` to link to your Monerium account.
```

4. The `redirectUrl` used in the `open` will be reached again with an extra query string parameter `code`. This is the authorization code you need to exchange in order to gain access to your Monerium account.

Re-initialize the `MoneriumPack` using the `init` method and exchange the code, as per Step 1.

```typescript
const safeMoneriumClient = await moneriumPack.open({ authCode: '<The querystring code parameter>' })
```

> If the code is exchanged without problems, you will be now authenticated with Monerium and your Safe will be linked!. You can start using the `safeMoneriumClient` instance to interact with your Monerium account. This instance is an enhanced version of the Monerium SDK, with some additional Safe features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the code is exchanged successfully, you will be authenticated with Monerium and your Safe will be linked!. You can start using the `safeMoneriumClient` instance to interact with your Monerium account. This instance is an enhanced version of the Monerium SDK, with some additional Safe Account features.
```
